This is complete nonsense.
I mean, if it wasn't for the stupid engagement,
would you even care about me?
Do you understand the consequences
of breaking off an engagement like this?
All I know is that your slut of a daughter
sucked with my fiance.
Do you keep Ella out of this?
Excuse me.
Where am I?
My home.
I saved you.
You saved me.
Yes.
Also, what sort of trouble did you run into last night?
What do you mean?
Mr. Homeless Man.
If you were getting caught for stealing,
I highly recommend a more respectable job
because that's no way to live.
Homeless Man.
Me.
Well, since I did save you,
don't you think it's only fair that you repay me?
Don't worry.
Don't need any of your money.
Just need you to do this one thing for me.
And that one thing...
Bean.
Marry me.